yeah here we are we're at mazda again
Stew's mazda he's got a great cute
little mazda rx8 but we've been to this
freaking dealership like 7 million times
in the last two months what's wrong with
his car and it's his birthday look I got
the balloon going I haven't even been
home yet this is the back of what my car
looks like presents over on the side I'm
Sydney earned the damned are waiting for
student drop off his car um and
listening to Adele she's awesome I have
to admit though um I downloaded her
album last night after the grammys may I
always like to tell but then she won a
Grammy and I'm like all right now that's
justification to definitely get her
album so its dues birthday and I got him
a bunch of stuff but I can't say
anything yet to you till he opens them
up and he gets his car situation done
with so um my phone is blowing up so I'm
going to go but keep our fingers crossed
that this is nothing serious with his
car it's already had two engines
replaced yeah shoutout to mazda all
right talk to you later bye
it's februari ninth and 33 years ago
today my husband was born shout out to
my mother-in-law anne-marie good job oh
and his dad Steve so I'm about to get
started on my birthday dinner for stew
and he thinks it's something elaborate
and it's really not even close to being
elaborate it's uh it's veggie burrito
enchiladas so I'm gonna get started on
that this morning I had to go to
nordstrom i bought these jeans that he
wanted by AG the entourage jeans so i
got up here those and i got him tickets
to one of his favorite acts i don't know
if you've seen the show flight of the
conchords on HBO very funny so I got him
a pair tickets to go see them when they
come to Philly and what else a few
shirts from express nothing crazy you
know i mean he's a guy he doesn't want
anything you didn't need anything he
didn't have any hints i had no clue but
anyway it's always good to go to
nordstrom when you're in a pinch and
while i was there at nordstrom i shopped
around for myself and didn't really find
too much but i did get this cute scarf
for 880 at forever 21 and this watch
which will probably break in 10 minutes
but whatever for cute right for twelve
dollars and i totally do not agree with
the forever 21 return policy it's the
most obscene absurd thing i've ever
heard of but $12 watch you can't beat it
anyway I got to get started on this
dinner thanks for watching and I'll talk